JavaScript Interview Questions
1.  DataTypes Primitive and Non Primitive (all data types primitive which is not changeable for example 
byte , short , int , long , float , double , boolean and char and non primitive called reference type which is mutable)
2.  Coercion (Explicit,Implicit) And Type Conversion (Type conversion is done implicitly by JavaScript ("15" * 2 ).
 Explicit Coercion: Type conversion is done explicitly in code using the inbuilt functions like Number(), String(), Boolean(), etc. Number("1")
3.  Currying (a process in functional programming in which you can transform a function with multiple arguments into a sequence 
of nesting functions.) 
4.  Clousers (a form of lexical scoping used to preserve variables from the outer scope of a function in the inner scope of a function)
5.  Call Stack, event Loop, Web API Callback Queue
6.  Events in JavaScript
7.  Functions (Anonymous,IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression),Arrow, Call, Bind, Appply Methods
8.  recursive Function (A function that calls itself is called a recursive function.) 
9.  Variable Scope (Var,Let,Const)
10. Hoisting Variables
11. Shadowing Variables (shado of global or function variable)
12. Spread Operator vs Rest Operator
13. Deep Copy (not change the original value ) and Shallow Copy (change the original value)
14. Debounce vs Throttling
15. Tree and Grapgh (linear search and non linear search)
16. differnece between cookies =>client and server side access we can add expire time and have 4 kb memory  and localstorage need to remove delete and have 5mb memory or sessionstorage remove after tab change and have 5mb memory
17. error boundaries
18. execuation context 
19. temporal dead zone
20. promises
   1. Retrieving Data from Promise: then() & catch()
   2. Methods of Promise: .all(), .any()=> return first resolved , .finally(), .race()=>return first even resolved or rejected
   3. difference between any and race method
21. token in localstorage access and refresh token
22. dom (what is document in dom)
23. arrow function and simple function (this context)
24. Syncronus and Asyncronus
25. setTimeOut vs setTimeInterval
26. prototype and generator
27. what is higher order function
28. in clouser child variables accessible in parent or not
29. which is hoisting


